# Car-Rental-System-Gui-Server-Desktop-
program future review : 1.massage and notification system between users. 2.Three type of user :root, supervisor, customer. 3.Single sign-in screen to all user, the system will detect the user type and give him proper option for him. 4.Supervisor have permission lower then root when he searching and editing. 5.Ability to change username and password for all user’s type. 6.The system automatically change users availability when he sign in and log out operation. 7.every input operation has validation on it(not from server, from gui). 8.The system will change cars status and last meter reading with every rent operation. 9.server will send the error massgae (error behind validation process like logic error,...). 10.server also will send successful at the end of any operation. 11.the server is (primary-server), I build it and it's works socket-socket write/read. 12.server also applied the multithreading, so they receive mtli request at same time. 13.server will connect to database and made suitable process.   14.mysql database used to build this project. 15.javafx used to build gui. 16.mvc pattern used between view and model and control. 17.Every user can see all rentals operation they did it.  18.Already root account sign-up “username: root”, “password:123456789root”. 19.Supervisor account cannot be created unless the root do it from his option. 20.Sign –up option at main screen will create only customer account. 21.Age calculation for customer account to show his age by input birthday year, month , day. 22.Supervisor or root should change customer license validity to be valid, the default statue for it is invalid, So customer cannot do any rental operation. 23.Any car has status unavailable the customer cannot rent it. 24.client and server must be on to start work. 25.I tried to handle major exception that I except it. 26.And many more …………………                  you have two way to run program : 1.before all make sure you have mysql database . 2.then import dumps that attachment 3.take all file "Car Rental System gui" and run it. 4.default ide intellij. 
